# Professional Attitude

The tips in this section are all about showing professional attitude towards yourself and others.
Although this is not directly code-related, it has a tremendous impact on how well you and your team
perform. The quality of code definitely depends on the things mentioned here.

## The team owns the code, not you

Developers sometimes get emotionally attached to the code they write. OK, let's be honest: not just
sometimes, but always. When you build things (write code) you feel like this is the sand castle you
are building. And then someone comes and ruins it...

As a consequence, other developers feel afraid to touch your code even when they see need for
improvement. The next thing you know - the code starts roting, the quality degrades over time.

Try to always remember that the team (or the project) owns the code! It does not matter who wrote
it. The goal of the whole team is to deliver the best code possible. Therefore, if you see some
places where code needs cleaning or bug-fixing - go ahead and fix it. If another team member sees an
opportunity for code extension or cleanup, (s)he will do the same.

When someone has improved your code, don't get angry, say "Thank you".

## Learn, don't just deliver

Projects often have deadlines. Deadlines mean some stress and pushing ourselves to the limits
(or procrastinating way too long and then pushing us). As a result, we focus on delivering. The
customer (or the teacher) is expecting a result. We just want to "get it working". But when will you
learn and improve, if all you do is deliver?

If you look at professionals, the quality of their work today and 10 years ago is totally different.
It feels like the pro today is a completely different person. How do you get from a novice to a pro?
You learn and improve, step by step. Exponential growth applies to knowledge as well. If you get 1%
better every week, it may feel like a tiny improvement. But if you keep that steady 1%/week
improvement pace, you are 67% better in a year and around 17600% better in ten years! That's an
insane improvement, isn't it?

Try to learn something in every project, in every sprint, every day. It does not necessarily mean
you need to apply a new Javascript framework in every project. You need to also be efficient at what
you do, you get efficient when you repeat some things several times. But remember that learning and
improving is part of your job.

This is probably not a problem at a university. If you are a student, most things are new to you,
and you learn anyway. But when you go out and work in the industry, you may feel like delivering all
the time, things start to look repetitive , and the work may get dull. Then you start doubting your
competence, your life choices. You feel stuck, your inner impostor awakens. You start thinking about
quitting.

Remember to _sharpen the saw_!

## Study theory, don't just try

TODO

## Take care of your physical body

TODO

## Put away devices

TODO

## The perfect project is now

TODO - there is no "when I will have a proper project, then..."
